and now ladies and gentlemen please put
your hands together and give a reaction
to the action of the world wrestling
good evening ladies and gentlemen I'm
Silverado and with me tonight is allege
we have an incredible card for you
tonight
awesome car coming up first out of the
chute will beat the Tennessee rebel vs.
predator and a little bit of a grudge
match second one's going to be my main
man Annihilator going up against his
arch nemesis Scott Summers all right and
that'll be a hostile match both of those
guys are former World Wrestling in our
heavyweight champions and in for the
main event tonight the high-flying Shane
Cortese takes on the likes of Texas
outlaw dirty Dan Wilder
I think dirty Dan Wilder is going to
teach Shane Cortese a little bit about
Texas justice all right well all that
and more coming up tonight on the world
Wrestling Empire we're going to take a
short break for a commercial and we'll
be back with the first batch